Timing and Subtitles brought to you
by Fuyao's Court Team @ Viki.com
"Fuyao" by Karen Mok
♫ I start to dance
trippingly and gracefully ♫
♫ For what my beautiful face is frowned? ♫
♫ Without him, I'll drift
with the current ♫
♫ Why is the tune of the
zither a farewell song? ♫
♫ Without me, he'll be
lonely in this universe ♫
♫ My heart silently waits
at the cliff of Firmament ♫
♫ The heaven, the earth, the sun
and the moon are all in my bosom ♫
♫ How can I own the top
freedom in this world? ♫
♫ There is no fear from my heart ♫
♫ Deep love won't hide ♫
♫ True love won't run short ♫
♫ Dreams give hopes through all the ages ♫
♫ Why go through storms and stress
to be bright and beautiful ♫
♫ There is no struggle from my heart ♫
♫ Swaying along with the wind ♫
♫ I can do anything freely ♫
♫ I enter my dreams easily
and unrestrainedly ♫
♫ What a beautiful dance ♫
~ Episode 1 ~
Do you know how the five regions
became the current five regions?
The current Megrez Nation was
appointed by Holy Land Firmament
to overlord three nations, which are
Too-Deep, Plough, and Heaven Fiend.
The nation prospers, and
the people are at peace.
However, a hundred thousand years ago,
Di Feitian massacred the five regions.
People were in great misery and suffering.
The elder of Firmament, Chang Qingzi,
used Mystical Spirit Leaf to
turn around the war situation.
However, Di Feitian didn't
just disappear just yet.
A few drops of his leftover blood
condensed into a Five-Colored Stone.
And now, Di Feitian is about to come out.
The one who awakens him will be a
girl who owns the Five-Colored Stone.
You are the one predestined
by the Mystical Spirit Leaf.
Only you can change the universe.
Find the girl with the Five-Colored Stone.
Or else, the five regions will
once again be doomed eternally.
- Who comes here?
- Fuyao.
For the third level of Mystic
Soul Five-Way Technique,
the person who can obtain the emblem of
Mystic Soul can get through this level.
Okay. Then let's give it a try.
How dare you! Why don't you bow
when you see your senior sister!
Senior Sister Pei is really
merciless when she fights.
As a lowly factotum of
Mystic Black Section,
how would you be qualified to
call me your senior sister?
Don't think that just because First Senior
Brother secretly taught you some Kung Fu,
you can have the same level
and same treatment as I.
Someone of low status will
forever be of low status.
Some level and same treatment?
That's good,
but unfortunately, I almost
learned that Kung Fu.
You wish!
You violated the rules of Mystic Soul and
privately entered Five-Way Sanctum to cultivate.
Today, I will definitely bring
you to see Clique Leader.
I'd like to see who would speak up for you.
Just a minute, just a minute.
Senior Sister, I did
violate the clique rules.
You want to bring me to
Clique Leader for punishment.
However, if you want to catch the
thief, you must also have the loot.
You have to catch me first.
Your death is imminent and yet you
are still stubborn with your words.
A'Lie, tie her up!
Yes.
You are indeed an idiot.
Below lies the bottomless cliff.
If you have the ability, then jump.
I am so scared.
But since my senior sister
has commanded me to do so,
I will have to follow.
Miss.
Idiot!
This lowly servant!
You will pay for it!
First Senior Brother!
Fuyao!
I saw someone from really far away.
I knew it was you.
Why did you sneak out and
come down the mountain again?
I told you many times already, you
can't sneak down on your own!
If you get found out, you will be...
I know! I just miss you!
Full of nonsense!
First Senior Brother.
Junior Sister.
Senior Brother, you can't cover for
this lowly servant today anymore.
She is extremely daring.
She actually dare to secretly enter
the cultivation sanctum to cultivate.
And she was escaping by
running down the mountain.
Who knows how many clique
rules she has violated?
About this, we must
report to Clique Leader!
She must be severely punished!
Did that really happen?
Yes.
You! You always act so recklessly!
Junior Sister Pei, Fuyao is still young.
It's understandable for her
to have some unruly behavior.
Why don't you forgive her this time?
First Senior Brother! You always
cover up for her like this!
This lowly servant of Mystic Black Section
will disregard the rules even more often!
Will our Mt. Mystic Soul
still have rules then?
Speaking of rules, Senior Sister
Pei Yuan isn't any better.
You! How dare you!
Did I say anything wrong? Today is
the day of the sacrificial ritual.
All of the students of Mystic Main Section
should be waiting on the mountain.
Senior Sister Pei Yuan is the First Senior
Sister of Mystic Main Section after all.
Why did you secretly go
down the mountain, too?
You!
Junior Sister Pei,
you are right in scolding her.
I will report to Clique Leader later.
I will make sure that she gets punished.
You! When you go back,
just stay at Mystic Black Section, face
the wall and reflect on your fault.
Later in the day, I will for sure
bring you to receive your punishment,
and teach you a good lesson. Hurry and go!
Yes.
First Senior Brother! Why did
you let her go just like that?
Junior Sister!
It's almost time.
Why don't you follow me to
join the sacrificial ritual?
Sacrificial ritual?
- Greeting, Father.
- Greeting, Teacher.
We're going to have the hunting
game soon in our Mystic Soul.
Under the blessing, we
have peace and prosperity.
To the ancestors and masters, Student
Yan Lie would like to ask you
to help us at Mystic Soul to
peacefully control Too-Deep Nation
and win over the five regions again.
Help us at Mystic Soul to
peacefully control Too-Deep Nation
and win over the five regions again.
I’m telling you, even though
this Mystic Soul Clique
is a big clique in martial arts society.
But, the ones who are really
qualified to learn martial art
are those staying on the
mountain, Mystic Main Section.
Only those noble-born
students are qualified. Okay?
Our place here is called
Mystic Black Section.
What is Mystic Black Section for?
We are responsible of serving people.
- No. Clean everywhere here.
- Yes, Uncle Zhou.
- Uncle Zhou, these are the clothes you asked for.
- Good. Good.
Take it.
I’m telling you this way.
Whoever wears clothes in this color,
they are at the lowest rank.
If you see whoever wearing
clothes in other colors,
you must avoid them all.
Come here. Come here.
I’m telling you,
we have food and shelter here with
no wind or no rain.
How blessed we are.
You have to work hard here,
never think of useless things.
Don’t be like the children leader, Fuyao.
I’m telling you, this Older Sis Fuyao...
Where is Fuyao? Where is Fuyao?
Where did Fuyao go?
Help us at Mystic Soul to
peacefully control Too-Deep Nation
and win over the five regions again.
Help us at Mystic Soul to
peacefully control Too-Deep Nation
- and win over the five regions again.
- You scared me, Older Sis Fuyao.
Why did you just get here?
You look quite handsome in this.
Where is mine? Where is mine?
- Here. Here.
- Let me see.
You tell me, it's bad enough we wear cyan garments
to pretend as someone in Mystic Main Section.
What if someone finds out that we watch
Clique Leader's sacrificial ritual secretly,
I can’t imagine how we will die.
There're so many people
in Mystic Main Section.
Who will notice whom?
If we’re being so secretive like you,
we will look more suspicious. Be like me.
Right, no one will recognize me.
But, you 're a trouble maker.
How will no one know you?
This hunting game is only
held once per eight years.
Of course we have to watch
the sacrificial ritual.
We can learn something.
If I've known, I won't take you here.
Don’t be like this. I’m going. I’m going.
Starting today, we are taking application
for the once-per-eight-year hunting game
As long as you’re an adult
student under our clique,
no matter you’re wearing white, cyan
or red garment, you can apply for it.
No judging based on your
background but your skills.
The hunting game was established by our
clique founder for him to form the clique.
With many levels, it's established in
order to select the bravest student
and help the citizens to get
rid of the mountain beasts.
The winner will be the hero. What’s a hero?
A person with the plant essence as his content
and the animal's power as his strength.
Today’s winner will still be a hero.
He will carry the honor
of Mystic Soul Clique
and be the pillar of Too-Deep Nation.
This is a game with both tests and honor.
Whoever wants to participate
has to put the application with your own
blood into this Celestial Fangding.
Once you participate in it,
you life depends on the game.
Never regret.
Not judging by our background.
They’re still looking down on us from Mystic
Black Section, who’s wearing black garment.
Am I wrong?
Do you want to die?
Quickly leave. Leave. Leave. Hurry. Hurry.
Come down. Come down.
Are you bullying me who don’t
know how to climb up the tree?
I’m telling you, I’m going to beat
you to death if you come down.
Is the sacrificial ritual
something you're allowed to go?
It's not enough to cause the trouble
to yourself. You even dragged him in.
Are you coming down or not?
Coming down or not?
I want to go down but I’m afraid
of height, I can’t go down.
- This kid— - Uncle Zhou, don’t be angry.
Don't be angry.
Older Sis Fuyao, quickly beg Uncle Zhou.
If you’re helping her, don’t stop me then.
If not, I going to beat you too.
- I'm going to beat you—
- Stop it. Stop it. Don’t beat him.
- I forced him to go.
- No! It wasn't Older Sis Fuyao force me to go.
- I went voluntarily. This really has— - I
don’t cared if you went voluntarily or not,
go back and finish your dyeing jobs.
- Okay. Okay.
- Quickly leave.
- Leave.
- Go. Hurry up.
Come on. Uncle Zhou, you see, he left.
Stop scolding me.
And I went there just to watch.
No one saw me.
Come down.
Come down and I won’t beat you.
Come down and I will give
you a interesting job.
I see.
Today’s the 15th.
Go down the mountain to get some wine.
You’re letting me to go down the mountain?
If you’re not going, I
will ask someone else.
You. Finally you came down.
Where did you go? You even
climbed the tree, didn't you?
It’s painful.
Stop hitting me. My butt hurts.
Get up. Here.
Let me see.
Look at you, kid. I want to
beat you till you're clear.
I really want to beat you a few more times.
Fuyao, be honest, why isn’t our
Mystic Black Section good?
Right. Our rank is low. We’re poor.
But, everyone treats you so well.
Xiaoqi that group of children, follows you
around everyday. And what are you teaching them?
Teaching to be like you and climb trees?
You are always thinking of ways to
take off your black garment, right?
What's wrong with me?
I have a pretty good relationship with
everyone at Mystic Black Section.
My relation with Xiaobai
is also quite good.
- Then be a little more obedient.
- When was I disobedient?
I just think it's unfair.
Why do people have to be ranked
in different levels and status?
Look at the people at Mystic Main Section.
They can learn martial arts as soon as they
get in, and go wherever they want to go.
And they even bully us! And
yet we have to serve them.
Why is this? So our lives
are just worthless, right?
Stop talking anymore. This is all fate.
It's fate so you will
just have to accept it.
I am going!
Hey! When you are out, you can't cause
troubles! Did you hear me? Okay?
- Did you hear me?
- I heard you!
Did you get anything out
of this three-month trip?
In my trip to Capital Kun, I was
able to meet with the crown prince.
The crown prince is kind and
friendly with a manner of sage.
I was fortunate to be appreciated
by the crown prince.
His Highness said that there are all
kinds of parties among of the officials.
He wants to build his own troops.
And I am the person that he needs.
On your way back, you didn't hear any news?
What news?
There is mutiny in Capital Kun.
What?
Timing and Subtitles brought to you
by Fuyao's Court Team @ Viki.com
King Father.
Have you taken care of the
things I ordered you to do?
King Father, I have appointed Zhang
Henian to arrange troops in the palace.
The garrisons and the eight units of guards
are already outside of the city walls.
It's impossible for Qi Zhen to escape
this time even if he has wings.
Good. Good.
Qi Zhen covets my throne for quite a while.
In three days, it will be
your enthronement day.
If we don't get rid of Qi Zhen, my royal
bloodline of Xuanyuan will be in danger.
Remember. Root and branch.
Root and branch.
Tonight, Too-Deep will be mine!
Could Qi Zhen really dare
to harm His Majesty?
He is the state's Prime Minister.
He is already just below
one and above so many.
Usurping the throne is a major event that
will bring disaster to the five regions.
Qi Zhen is holding too much power.
His battle with the royal family of
Xuanyuan will happen sooner or later.
I just don't know who will be
victorious in this battle.
Once the Xuanyuan clan is annihilated
and a new ruler emerges,
the order in Too-Deep will be rebuilt.
Is our Mystic Soul Clique just
going to sit by and watch?
What then must we do?
Our Mystic Soul is part of jianghu and
doesn't intervene with power struggles.
Not siding with anyone and just sitting by to observe
the consequences is the exact righteous path.
It's just that Chen'er has
received His Majesty's graces.
I feel a bit...
In the fight for power, there
is no personal feelings.
As long as you are able to get
the fist in the hunting game,
with our position in martial arts society,
with you being the top
fighter in the hunting game,
will you still be afraid that
no one will admire your skills?
What Father taught is correct.
Prepare well. In this
hunting game this time,
You have to win.
Yes.
Heir Apparent.
Prime Minister?
I observed the celestial bodies and noticed
that it will be a starless night today.
There will be a bloody disaster
happening in the palace.
Convey my orders,
kill all the bloodlines
of the Xuanyuan clan.
Hurry and lay down. Come.
Don't worry.
No one will kill you.
Who would dare to bear the infamous
reputation of killing the king?
Just hold on for a little while more.
You then can watch me take over
the royal throne of Too-Deep.
Timing and Subtitles brought to you
by Fuyao's Court Team @ Viki.com
How are you? Hello?
Save me. I'm the son of
Prince Quandu, Xuanyuan Min.
Save me! Save me!
Save me.
Senior Sister Pei.
This net will tighten
the more you struggle.
For ordinary people, it's impossible to cut
through them and escape in less than 3 hours.
As long as we're able to teach that Fuyao a
lesson this time, I won't forget to reward you.
Thanks, Senior Sister.
Hello, Big Bro.
Save me, Big Bro!
Wait a minute! Hello!
I've caught you.
Junior Sister Pei?
Sorry, sorry. I thought it was Fuyao.
What? Do I look like Fuyao?
No. You guys don't look alike.
I just thought...
Why did Junior Sister Pei come here?
Senior Brother and Fuyao can come.
Can I not come?
That is not what I meant.
If that's the case, then I'll...
When Senior Brother went out to
travel, summer was just starting.
Look. In a blink of an eye, it's already
the season to wear extra clothes.
It's exactly three months and nine days.
Oh, wrong.
Counting today, it's exactly 100 days.
Since my eldest sister got married off,
Father kept wanting me to establish a marriage
alliance with the House of the Prime Minister
and rushing me to return to the capital.
When a woman has grown up,
she should be married off.
Junior Sister has indeed reached
the age to get married.
Does First Senior Brother
still not understand?
I just want to stay in Mt. Mystic Soul.
I want to be with First Senior Brother...
Junior Sister Pei's martial arts is one of the best
here in Mystic Soul Clique for the past years.
I'm sure you'll have an outstanding
performance during the hunting game.
By then, you surely will become
famous throughout Too-Deep.
Not only the House of the Prime Minister,
even the royal family will
compete to marry you.
I indeed don't want to return to Capital Kun
because I want to join the hunting game,
but it's not for me.
It's for First Senior Brother.
I want to let First Senior Brother
become famous throughout Too-Deep.
Who put this? Let me go!
Put me down!
Which bastard is it?
How come it's this move again?
Who's there?!
Senior Brothe, my feelings...
Help!
Save me!
- Help!
-  It's Fuyao!
- Have you confirmed his identity?
- He indeed is Xuanyuan Min, a royal relative from Quandu.
He indeed is the son of
Prince Quandu, Xuanyuan Min.
Kill him.
Official Yun Heng, Prime Minister
has ordered to keep him alive.
Wait.
He seems to be dead.
Help!
Fuyao!
First Senior Brother!
How are you? Are you alright?
I'm alright.
Didn't you go down to
stock up on rice wines?
How did you end up in this state?
Are you injured?
Rice wines?
I'm doomed. Doomed.
- I'm doomed.
- What's wrong, Fuyao?
I'm doomed.
Oh, no! Uncle Zhou will
surely beat me up to death.
Look at you. Always being
unfocused on your work.
Forget it. I'll just explain
things to Uncle Zhou next time.
What are you looking for? What's wrong?
What are you looking for?
First Senior Brother, when you were passing by
just then, did you see a man that was injured?
What time is it right now?
Do you still have time to worry
about other people's issues?
Who cares.
I hope he's alright.
Look at you. You're
already injured yourself
and you still have time to worry
about others people's issues.
Fuyao, you're a girl.
A girl should be like a girl.
You need to know how to cry,
know that you suffered,
and make someone's heart
ache because of you.
First Senior Brother, are
you concerned about me?
Silly girl.
Come. Sit over there and
let me see your wound.
Look at this, it's bleeding.
I know that because I treat
you well and special,
there will always be some
people mistreating you.
This incident today must be done by
someone who purposely bullied you.
I know all of your grievances.
I don't feel wronged.
Whoever bullies me, I'll
bully them as a return.
You really like to act strong.
You know that being extremely
strong also makes you break easily.
But don't worry, Fuyao.
When I become the Leader
of Mystic Soul Clique,
I'll let you get rid of the slave identity.
Then, I'll let you be proud and
make everyone know about that
you are Yan Jingchen's woman.
With First Older Brother's words,
no matter what I've been
through, it's nothing anymore.
But I've been wondering
how great it would be if First
Senior Brother can treat
the students in Mystic Black
Section as the way you treat me,
and let them take off their
black garments soon.
Mt. Mystic Soul has its own rules.
Enough. Enough. Why are
we talking about this?
I'll send you back.
Let's go.
Someone has trespassed the mountain.
Someone trespassed? Who dared?
The trespasser claims that he is
subordinate of Prime Minister Qi Zhen.
Our Mystic Soul Clique occupies
Too-Deep and leads the five regions.
Who said someone like you could
trespass at your own will?
Clique Leader is here.
I am Yan Lie, Clique Leader
of Mystic Soul Clique.
May I ask why you trespassed
into our clique's territory?
You do have a few good doctors in Mt.
Mystic Soul, don't you?
We have an injured man.
He is someone that Official Qi, Qi Zhen
of Too-Deep has requested to save.
I assume that you may have
stayed so long in Capital Kun
that you've forgotten what manner one
should have when asking for a favor.
Prime Minister is here.
Is the doctor inside knowledgeable or not?
Prime Minister, don't panic.
The doctor inside is the
jianghu-renowned medical sage Zhong Yue.
Doctor Zhong only comes up the mountains
to pick medicine when fall comes.
Or else, his tracks are hard to find.
A treatment from him will surely heal the
illness when the medicine takes effect.
A medical sage?
Let's hope he doesn't only have the name.
Has the patient recovered?
There is nothing wrong with him.
He will sure awaken within an hour.
Then, please trouble sir to write
the patient a prescription.
I've said, there is nothing wrong with him.
There is no need for medication.
I'll take my leave.
How disrespectful.
Forget it. Forget it.
Since he is a common medical sage,
he surely will have some arrogance
of disregarding the king's power.
He indeed is Xuanyuan Min, a
royal relative from Quandu.
Father.
What happened, Father?
Pass down the orders that they need to
serve cautiously in the next few days.
Who is inside exactly?
The Prime Minister of
Too-Deep Nation, Qi Zhen.
Qi Zhen comes to our Mt.
Mystic Soul at this time.
I am afraid it's because there
is mutiny in the palace.
But to you, this will
be a good opportunity.
Who are you?
Wh... Where is this?
Are you really the son of Prince Quandu,
Xuanyuan Min?
If yes, so what?
If not, what then?
The royal Xuanyuan clan's
Water Manipulation Technique
is really true to its name.
Who are you exactly?
How do you also know this secret?
I am Qi Zhen. Greetings,
Your Highness Heir Apparent.
Hope Your Highness Heir Apparent can
forgive me from disturbing you.
Heir... Heir Apparent?
Who is Heir Apparent that
you're talking about?
It looks like the king's decree from
Capital Kun hasn't reached you yet.
Your Highness, the King has conferred
you Heir Apparent of Too-Deep.
The welcoming troupe will
arrive in 1 to 2 days.
Is this for real?
What do you think, Heir Apparent?
Then this means
I'll
I will be the king of
Too-Deep in the future.
That's right.
Okay.
I'll be this king.
Timing and Subtitles brought to you
by Fuyao's Court Team @ Viki.com
"Hard-to-Get Love" by Lala Hsu
♫ What do you know? ♫
♫ What are good about the three realms? ♫
♫ If there're no three poisons,
if there're no worries, ♫
♫ How can it make me reluctant to leave? ♫
♫ Worry for love, beg for hate, ♫
♫ And even discard my soul for affection ♫
♫ The one, who asks me
to love him, loves me ♫
♫ I only want him to love me ♫
♫ What do you use to exchange
for this hard-to-get love? ♫
♫ If there's no sickness or weakness,
if there's never oldness, ♫
♫ How can it make a spark to
chase after stars alone? ♫
♫ Slim down for him, stay for my heart ♫
♫ And even chase away all luck for dreams ♫
♫ It wants me to be so pretty
that I seize his soul ♫
♫ And continue dazzling in his heart ♫
♫ There is a saying that what a
person asks for the lifetime ♫
♫ Is no more than staying together
with one's lover by any means ♫
♫ If one can't obtain what one asks for, ♫
♫ one is filled with anxiety
and with knitted brows ♫
♫ There is a saying that if a person
asks for the next lifetime, ♫
♫ one should only ask to know
everything about warfare ♫
♫ Dreams beg heart to grant me love ♫
♫ And have someone's company
for the rest of my life ♫
♫ Have someone's company ♫
♫ There is a saying that what a
person asks for the lifetime ♫
♫ Is no more than staying together
with one's lover by any means ♫
♫ If one can't obtain what one asks for, ♫
♫ one is filled with anxiety
and with knitted brows ♫
♫ There is a saying that if a person
asks for the next lifetime, ♫
♫ one should only ask to know
everything about warfare ♫
♫ Dreams beg heart to grant me love ♫
♫ And have someone's company
for the rest of my life ♫